Well family, we're back.
It's Brandon and Diana again.
I know we're wearing the same thing we wore yesterday, but we're doing back-to-back videos for you all.
I'm just going to jump right in where we left off yesterday, and the Holy Spirit's presence is here; it's heavy still.
The Lord said, make the videos a little shorter for you, so we're just going to try to keep them to 30 minutes, but the last one went almost an hour.
So, here we go.
I said, Lord, I'm sorry, I'm trying.
Then I said, oh, Braden goes, you went well over.
I went, oh...
let's do it again today.
Well, I will pick up where I left off yesterday when I told you all I had something to say.
And so here you go: He made all things richly for us to enjoy.
All things.
When I was in prayer one day at the church, He presented a crown, and on my crown were beautiful sapphires and beautiful onyx stones.
I said, Lord, I said, onyx looks evil.
I said, why is onyx on my crown?
He said, Brandon, I made all things richly to enjoy; every color, everything.
He said the devil took black stones and tried to make them evil, but I never designed black to be evil.
Black onyx stone is beautiful, and I created everything richly for you to enjoy.
So, this is a crown, and He was showing me my crown of what He has for me when we go to Him, that every believer will have a crown.
We're casting down our many crowns; I believe it'll be an offering.
I'm going to sew mine.
Why not?
He's given us all things, but I'm a giver, and I believe with all my heart I might say, Lord, here, you gave me this, but I want to give it back to you because God is an overwhelming God.
When we get to heaven, I cannot wait to see all the things that He has laid at His feet.
Yes, I want to lay it at His feet; that's exactly what happened in the vision.
It was a beautiful vision of laying an offering to the Father.
I gave an offering to a King; it was one of those experiences that I had when Jesus visited me, and I remember He brought that crown.
I had that crown, and I was looking at it, and I thought, oh no, it has black onyx on it, and I thought surely this isn't right.
The Lord corrected me, and I gave it to Him; I laid it at His feet.
It was a beautiful offering; it's something personal to me.
I tell you these things, they're real private, but I figure it might bless somebody.
Jesus is so real to me.
The supernatural is more real to us than the natural.
We know that we're always one breath away from going home to Him.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, and one day we'll give our last breath on this earth.
If He tarries in His return, one day every one of us will have that moment; you'll either be before the Father, or you're going to be in hell.
That's the bottom line.
There's no in-between.
Where will you be if you die today?
If you were to give up your last breath on this earth today, where would you spend eternity?
That's what I have to ask; that's a question you need to ask yourself every single day.
You say, well, I don't know.
Well, you need to know.
It's not something to play around with.
You say, well, I'm an atheist, I don't believe it.
Are you willing to take that chance?
Are you willing to have that big of a gamble?
You say, well, Brandon, I don't believe there is a God, I don't believe there is a devil.
But what if you're wrong?
What if you're watching this video right now, and this could be the last video you watch on YouTube, and you don't even know why you clicked on it?
You just thought, oh, I've heard of that guy, I've seen him on, he's the Trump ear prophet.
I am so much more than that.
You know what folks, I'm just Brandon.
I'm thankful for praying for President Trump and that was recorded, and it is what it is.
It's history for me, but I'm more than that.
I am a child of the King, and I'm going to tell you this: I believe the best is yet to come, and that God's got a lot more for each one of us.
It's who He is.
Who cares about me, but at the same time is that, who are you and does He know you?
If you were to die today, would He say, I know them, or depart from me, I never knew them?
That's a serious place to take a gamble on.
Well, I don't believe that's ever going to happen, but what if you're wrong?
A lot of people put so much time and energy and planning for this life; they'll plan their careers, they'll plan everything, go to college, do all the stuff for this life, but this life is just a vapor.
Eternity is forever, and we should be preparing now for there.
What about eternity?
Who cares about now?
God's given us this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of His power may be known of Him and not of us.
So we are here for such a time as this.
What will you do with this time?
It's not about this time, it's about the seeds we're sewing.
Everything you do in life is sewing a seed for your future.
Every day you wake up, you're sewing a seed for your eternity, what you'll do on the other side.
He that has been faithful in little will be ruler over much.
You say, well, I don't believe that.
Well, we'll see.
I'm telling you, if He doesn't know you, one day He's going to say, depart from me, I never knew you.
If your name is not written in the Lamb's Book of Life, if you've not yielded and said, God, I want you to be my Lord and personal Savior, we're going to pray with you right now.
We are a channel that's called to raise up a million men and women prayer army.
We're believing for those million people today, a supernatural army of men and women of God to pray and to change things.
That's what we believe.
Prayer changes things.
We believe in the power of prayer on this channel; we believe that whatsoever things are bound on earth are bound in heaven, and whatsoever things are loosed are loosed.
We believe that we have power and authority to tread on the serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We believe that God has given us that God-given authority, that we're seated with Him in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers and might.
We believe that the greater One lives on the inside of us.
Now, does He live on the inside of you?
You say, I don't know.
Well, let's know.
Let's give our heart to Jesus Christ today.
You say, well, how do I do it?
How do I get saved?
Say this simple prayer.
It doesn't have to be all religious, it just has to be something that a child can do.
A 5-year-old child can say this prayer and get born again today.
So let's do it.
Say, Father, I ask you to forgive me of my sins, write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I need a Savior, and I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior today.
Forgive me of my sins.
I believe you're the Son of God, I believe you died and you rose again on the third day, I believe you're seated at the right hand of the Father right now making intercession for me.
Thank you for forgiving me of my sins, thank you that you wrote my name right now in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I don't want to steer my life anymore, I want you to steer my life.
I want you to be the captain of my ship, so I yield to you today, and I thank you, Lord, that now I'm born again.
That's it, that was simple.
Just a heartfelt prayer.
Now, if you did that and you just said that prayer with me, tell somebody down below, tell somebody; we want to rejoice with you.
And if you don't have a Bible, and you say, I don't have a Bible, brother Brandon, you need to get a Bible.
We will give you a Bible for free; Diana and I will buy you a Bible, a New King James version or AMP or something.
Email us in the description below and say, I just got born again, I was watching your channel, and we want to buy you a Bible.
So get your Bible, read your Bible every day, get into a Bible-believing church that teaches you the Word of God, get plugged in there.
If they have any kind of classes, small groups, whatever, do those things.
Get radically invested into that church, let them know, hey, I got born again on YouTube, and I want to get plugged in here.
Come to Collinsville, or find a church that will teach you the Word of God.
That's what you got to do.
It's not hard to be a Christian, you just have to get plugged in so that you don't go up and down on the Christian roller coaster.
If you don't get filled with the Holy Spirit and get in the Word, it's easy to go back and do what we used to do.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all.
If you stubbed your toe and messed up, get back up and keep riding that bike.
I'm talking about sin.
So I hope that blessed you today.
If you need a Bible, let us know and you're not able to get one, you just got born again.
So, we got this picture from yesterday and we're praying over this family.
We're praying over Christian, and so Christian is coming home to Jesus.
We're going to believe God for Christian today.
We're believing for anybody else who has an unsaved loved one and you want to send us a photo of your unsaved loved one, this is our point of contact.
This is our address in the description below if you want to mail a photo.
People say, well, you're going to have thousands of photos, well, we'll take parts of them in boxes, and I'll pray for every single one of them every single time we do a prayer video.
I just felt it in my heart to do it, praying for people who need a touch from Jesus today.
Prayer works.
We're praying for people, and we believe with you for your breakthrough, for your miracle, whatever you need in your life.
There's nothing too big for God to turn around.
You say, well, I'm dying of this, I'm dying of that, whatever; no, all things are possible to him who believes, and we believe with you.
We have our stuff we're praying for, we're believing for our needs, for our stuff, for our daughter, or whatever.
But we believe that everything has an expiration date in your life.
There will be a day when we walk through that victory and say we have the full manifestation.
We're not always believing for tomorrow; we're believing for the now.
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for and evidence of things not seen.
We believe for the now and celebrate like you have it now.
Sing a song, rejoice in the Lord always, and again I say rejoice.
That's what we do.
We're not moved by what we see, we're not moved by what we feel, we're moved by what the Word says.
We're believing that today your suddenly is happening for you.
I believe for your marriage to turn around, we're believing for your finances to turn around, we're believing for your job circumstances to turn around.
You say, well, I'm believing God for a new job, okay, well we're believing with you.
We believe that there will be a major promotion coming for you today.
Do you believe that?
I don't know what you're believing for, but I believe that what you're believing for is going to come to pass if it lines up with the Word of God.
He said, Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
That's a good God to me.
Like we were talking about yesterday, all my life you have been faithful.
So Father, we thank you, Lord, for everything they may need today.
We call the Christians to come home, these young men and women that need to come home; Father, we're calling them in right now in the name of Jesus.
We call the families to be born again, we call radical change in every single one of their lives.
We're not showing this picture because we don't know if they want us to, but if you mail something and you don't want us to show the picture, we won't show it.
We'll still pray over it, but we won't show it.
So out of respect for them, we don't show it, but we still pray over it.
I think it's good, you know, because some folks don't want to be on YouTube, and that's all right.
I understand totally.
I don't want my other daughter on YouTube yet; she's young and it's not time for her yet.
I said, nope, we're not doing that.
So, we're going to pray.
Father, I thank you, Lord, we thank you Lord for their churches.
We call forth the pastors to stir up in the name of Jesus, for you said a great shaking and awakening is going to manifest in the days ahead.
Father, we thank you Lord for a supernatural stirring in these churches, for exposing the leaders that are corrupt.
You give them time to change, but Father, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first, and we call forth right now for the judgment to begin, cleaning up these churches, cleaning up these houses, cleaning up these places of worship, and exposing the darkness in these churches in the name of Jesus.
We thank you Father right now that the great harvest of souls is coming forth, that you're bringing forth the new young Davids, the new generals of the faith, bringing forth great men and women of God to take the baton from the ones that are lukewarm.
You said that you would want us to be hot or cold, but if we're lukewarm you would spew us out of your mouth.
We don't want to be lukewarm anymore; stir us up in the name of Jesus, bringing forth a great fire out of our spirits, a great fire out of us.
Father, that the anointing of the Holy Ghost would flow out of us, that we would be at the spout where the glory comes out, that you would shine on us like you shone on Moses, that we would have a burning bush experience with you.
We would take off our sandals and you'd say, this is holy ground.
That holy ground experience, and there would be a great, mighty, moving presence of the Holy Ghost and fire on our churches in the name of Jesus.
Father, we don't want church as usual, we want church unusual.
I thank you for the fire of the Holy Ghost stirring for great revival.
Father, we thank you for great revival, a major move of God, a major move and outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord.
A great revival!
We call revival in the name of Jesus over America, we call revival over Europe, and over Africa, and over South America, and over Asia.
We call revival in the name of Jesus.
We call a stirring of the people in South Korea and North Korea.
Father, we call forth the bondage and the Iron Curtain to be removed in the name of Jesus, that there will be one last harvest of souls.
We call forth that harvest of souls right now in the name of Jesus, for you said the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, so Father, we call forth the laborers right now in the name of Jesus.
A supernatural move of the Spirit of the Lord on these people, that there will be a harvest beyond anybody's comprehension.
We call for bondages to break off of people right now in the name of Jesus, that you have the burden-removing, yoke-destroying power, and that the Spirit of the Lord is stirring up on the inside of them, that we would see a move of the Spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before.
That the old wells of revival are being uncapped in the name of Jesus.
We call forth the old wells of revival to be uncapped in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that if you did it once, you'll do it again.
We thank you, Lord, that you're doing it again and again and again, that there will be a major harvest of souls like this world has never seen before, all for the glory of God.
We thank you, Lord, for healings and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory on our churches.
Father, that there would be no demonic hindrances for people trying to hold control of the move that's moving in the congregation, saying, oh well, we can't have that because we'll lose control, oh we can't do that because we might lose sister so-and-so.
That we lose sight of our self, and we die to self, and we let the Holy Spirit flow in us uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
That there will be a great outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord one more time.
Yes, Father, I thank you.
I thank you that the stiff-necked Christians that are holding back the presence of the Lord would be removed in Jesus' name, that you would bring in the ones that have a pure heart before you, that have a hunger and a thirst after righteousness.
For you said, blessed are those that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they will be filled.
So Lord, we call forth the young Davids, the young lions, and we take the land by force, all for the glory of God.
For Jesus today, we thank you Father for the supernatural outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord.
That we will not be a bride that is cowardly, but a bride that takes back the land for Jesus, without spot or without wrinkle, a supernatural explosion of the glory of God would rise up in each college campus throughout ORU, OSU, all around the world, Nebraska, all of them.
Father, we call forth a mighty move of the presence of the Lord, of Holy Ghost and fire, like it was in the upper room.
The sound of a mighty rushing wind will flow with cloven tongues of fire one more time, a move of the Spirit of the Lord pouring out on our sons and daughters.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this will be the greatest move of God we've ever seen before in the name of Jesus.
We believe, Father, we believe, Father, for a great, great move of your presence one more time.
A burning bush experience, Father, that the Shekinah glory cloud would fill our houses, our churches, our cars, and that people would see something different about us.
That if we get touched by the power of God, we don't go back to what we used to be, but we go from glory to glory.
Father, we shake off the earthly garments and we say, God, we want a new touch.
We want the fire, we want a fresh presence of you, Lord.
We are hungry, we're desperate, we're thirsty.
We need more of you, Jesus.
More, we say more of you, Jesus.
No more of this, we don't want no more of this, we want more of you.
Breaking off all that crap off of our lives and going up far higher and saying, Jesus, touch us, make us like you.
Father, yes, Lord, we're hungry, we're desperate, we need more.
Father, I thank you that we realize who we are, that we're seated with you in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers.
Father, we're seated with you, and we thank you, Lord, for a fresh fire, new wine, and new wineskins today.
New wine and new wineskins, Father, we're not stagnant old vinegar, we're fresh.
We have a fresh presence, fresh touch of the Holy Ghost on our lives today.
We thank you, Lord, there's a move of the Spirit of the Lord.
I feel the presence of the Lord being a move, Father, that we have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power would be known of you and not of us.
The glory of the Lord rest on us today.
We want to see you, we want to know you.
You said, knock and the door will be opened, seek and you will find.
Father, I thank you that we're seeking you and we're knocking with all our hearts.
We're knocking, we're knocking, we're knocking.
Father, you said those that seek you will find you.
Father, we want to find you, for the eyes of the Lord are running to and fro throughout the whole earth, looking for a heart perfect toward Him.
Let your eyes rest upon us today, Lord.
Yes, Lord, that you don't have to roam throughout the whole world looking for somebody that you can touch, somebody that will say, here am I, send me.
Yes, Lord, here am I, Lord, send me.
Send us into the nations, we'll bring in the harvest, we'll do what you've asked us to do.
We're yielded and we're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, that's us.
Let us be that voice, let us be those vessels that are ready today to be used by you, oh God.
We thank you that you visited these nations before with revival and all these other places.
Do it again, Lord.
Oh yes, do it again, Lord, one more time.
Do it again, Lord, and let us be a part of it.
Thank you Father that you visit ORU today, thank you for a fresh touch on ORU today, Oral Roberts University.
If there will be a mighty move with the presence of the Lord on Billy Joe Daugherty's church, Paul Daugherty, Father, there'll be a fire on their church, there'll be a fire on these congregations, there'll be a fire at Glorious Church Fellowship, there'll be a fire in these churches.
There'll be a presence of the Lord like we've never seen before, a Shekinah glory like we've never seen it before.
Something that we've never seen before, not new wine in old wineskins, but new wine in new wineskins.
Create in us a clean heart, Father, create in us a clean heart, Lord.
Father, I thank you for your presence, I thank you for the demonstrations and the manifestations of the glory today.
Wherever we are at, that we're quick to obey what you've told us to do, we're quick to obey, to follow you, we're quick to obey you, Father, when you say, do prayer video, do this.
Father, yes, Lord, you're our Commander-in-Chief.
Yes, Father, yes Lord, anything you ask, Father.
Lord, we give you praise and glory for it right now in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord for President Trump, thank you Lord for Vice President Pence.
Thank you Lord that you're giving them wisdom.
We pray over every nation today, and we pray for the peace of Ukraine and over all that stuff of Zelensky and over Putin.
Father, we call peace and that the bloodshed would stop.
Father, we thank you Lord that you said there will be wars and rumors of wars in these last days, but Father, I thank you Lord that there should be peace.
We call peace, and I thank you Lord that any plots, any plans of the wicked through terrorist attacks, through those trucks, through the vans that you showed me in the past, Father, they'll be exposed.
And Father, that you show our FBI, the intelligence, the Homeland Security, where the terrorists are, and the terrorist plots, and the plans, and the chatter, and we would expose them, and we would bring them out.
We call an exposing of darkness, we call an unveiling in Jesus' name, like turning on a light in a kitchen that's full of cockroaches.
That Father, we would expose the darkness in Jesus' name, and we will not have any terrorist plots or plans or wickedness in the name of Jesus.
And every plan, Father, when you showed me about Al-Baghdadi or whatever that man was that got taken out by Trump before, there will be no retaliation.
That every plot, every plan of the wicked would be uncovered concerning any attempts on Trump's life; this will not take place, this will be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you Father that you are the God of more than enough and you will do this today, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, thank you, Lord, that it will come to pass.
Divine protection over our President Trump, divine protection over his children, over his wife; no sickness, no disease comes nigh them.
Thank you, Lord for our Congress, our House.
Father, we will have a greater Red Wave in November of 2026.
Godly leaders, godly leaders, we pray for that already in advance, that we have a greater Red Wave in the name of Jesus, a more of a majority in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord Father for crypto; we call it to go up in value, and for dinar, and for all these investments, gold and silver, for creative ideas for stocks, for Father, for a supernatural wealth transfer to take place in the name of Jesus.
That Satan cannot hold it back anymore for the body of Christ; release it now in Jesus' name.
Calling it in, angels of the Lord, manifest and go and bring forth our finances from the north, the south, the east, the west.
We call forth those harvest angels to go now and bring it forth in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord that the financial outpouring is coming to our house now in Jesus' name, and to their house; that it's time to be the head and not the tail, above and not beneath, they'll go through and not go under, that they'll have more than enough to supply the kingdom of God and to do all the things that God has called us to do in the name of Jesus.
For jobs and better jobs, creative ideas to get wealth, we call it forth in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, thank you, Lord, thank you, Lord that the thief has been found and he must restore it sevenfold what the devil stole in Jesus' name, even our peace, our joy, everything.
We call forth a harvest of what's been stolen back; we call forth money, come forth in Jesus' name.
We lay hold of it, yes, we lay hold of it in Jesus' name, in Jesus' name.
And our health, yes, our health, calling it in, calling it in; we're healed, we're whole, we're well.
It's time for the manifestation of what we've been believing for.
No more, no more hindrances; barrier breakers, we are barrier breakers.
The barrier-breaker anointing is on us, we are barrier breakers, all for the glory of God, breaking the barriers, breaking the back of poverty with a financial seed, breaking the back of lack, breaking the back of sickness and disease, barrier breakers.
Generational changing now, that we will have it, be the generation that changes, that it says as of this generation, as of us today, we are going to go forth and take the land.
And yeah, our ancestors may have been bad, but we're going to break that barrier.
We're going to be a generation that says, as for us, we serve the Lord, yes, and we will not stand for unrighteous thinking, retributive mind, we will not be carnally minded, we'll be Word-minded and Word people, and a Word people.
Like Tommy Hicks' vision, that when He points to us, when the Lord points to us, we don't shrink back and say, oh no, we don't want to be used by you, Father, but we'll say, yes Lord, here am I, send me.
We'll be that glorious church.
Yes, Lord, we're going to be that glorious church today.
We say, yes Lord, yes, yes Lord.
So we say today, you say yes, Lord, that's what we believe.
Well, we pray, thank you Lord, we praise you Father, we worship you, we worship you Father, we thank you for the turnaround.
Thank you for the turnaround, Father, that you're good and your mercy endures forever, yes, and good days are ahead of us.
Days of heaven on earth, days of fun, He told me, He said, Brandon, these are days of fun, days of blessing, days of increase.
You're such a good Father, you're so wonderful.
Shaking off the garment of a beggar's garment, shaking it off, I'm no longer a beggar, I'm a believer.
I'm a believer, I'm not a beggar.
If you're begging, you're not believing.
I'm taking my dominion, I take my dominion, I take my rightful place, seated with Him and saying, Satan, you can't touch it no more.
We're not going to have that, we're going to rise up and be what God's called us to be, the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
Do you believe that?
Yes, got to believe it, yes, we're calling it in.
Well, thanks for being with me today, babe.
I love it when you're on here with us.
You're going to be on here every day now.
It's a mandate; I need my wife with me beside me, sitting beside me.
I enjoy you being here, your beautiful smile, and it blesses me.
It's not my channel anyway, it's God's channel and it's our channel, so I'm thankful that you're here.
Thank you, you're so welcome.
Hey, you make me look good, you know.
Well, we thank you for praying with us today, thank you for being here.
If you want to send us a photo for us to pray for your family, you can send it in the description below.
We appreciate it, our mailing address is in the description, and just write on the back if you don't want us to show it or if you do want us to show your photo, but we'll pray over it no matter what.
If you want to do it, fine, if you don't, fine.
We're not going to solicit you, we're not asking for anything, I just wanted it for a point of contact.
I just thought, you know what, when we're praying for people, there are so many people asking for prayer requests, please pray for this, pray for that, and I'm like, I don't even know who this person is.
I'm going to be real with you all, if I see their face, I'll be able to see what you're going through and I can see a lot of reasons why you're not getting your prayers answered.
I'll be real with you, it might sound judgmental, but I'm able to see; the Lord has given me a prophetic eye and I'm able to discern what's going on in your life.
Even with this photo, I can see.
The Lord shows me things, and I'm not going to tell you what the Lord sees, so don't go blowing up our email saying tell me what you see.
That's for us on how to pray for folks, on how to intercede; that's the gift God's given me.
So I pray for every single one of you all that you get through the circumstances you're going through.
The valley of the shadow of death has an expiration date; I will walk through the valley of the shadow of death and I will fear no evil, for His rod and His staff they comfort me.
But it's to walk through it, not to camp there.
No, that's what I'm trying to say, press onward, yes.
Get a four-wheel-drive vehicle, put it in four-wheel drive, and get out of that valley, you know.
Glory to God.
Well, we pray this video richly blessed you all today.
Please like, subscribe, click the notification bell; it helps us with the algorithm.
That's the only thing we will ever ask you to do for us, honest to goodness.
Help us, it gets the gospel out, it really truly does.
It's helping us, we're believing for a million men and women soul army prayers, that they come on here and pray with us every day.
And we're taking this more seriously because we are in the last of the last days, folks, and we're praying for revival, we're praying for things, and we're excited you're here.
Thank you for praying with us, thank you for stirring yourself up.
We'll try to do more live prayer videos, but I really don't like doing those.
I do this like this, and this is what we do.
So well, thank you for being here today.
God bless you all.
It's Diana and I, we're signing out, saying put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
We love you and Jesus loves you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon tomorrow.
And the Lord said, do this for a while, okay.
God bless you all, bye-bye.